[master<860] More info about Docker (#917)
memgraph/docs: docs/how-to-guides/work-with-docker.md

in-browser application. You would run the first instance with:

```
docker run -it -p 7444:7444 -p 3000:3000 memgraph/memgraph-platform
```

Because port `3000` is now taken, you need to change the left side
port (host ports):

```
docker run -it -p 7444:7444 -p 3001:3000 memgraph/memgraph-platform
```

To connect to the first instance, you should open Memgraph Lab in your browser
at `localhost:3000`, but the second instance is reachable at `localhost:3001`.

#### Specify volumes

> Specifying a volume creates a copy of a directory inside the Docker container as

Author: ```suggestion
Specifying a volume syncs the specified directory inside the Docker container as
```

you can also view them in the Memgraph Lab 2.0 (or newer) by publishing the port
`7444`.

#### Specify bind mounts

Bind mounts are local directories or files that can be modified by other
processes other than Docker. Any changes made to these directories or files
locally will be reflected inside the Docker container and vice-versa. Also, a
bind mount will overwrite the content of the Docker container.

For example, if I have a `Data` directory on my `C:` disk, and I want to access
it from inside the container at `/usr/lib/memgraph/data`, I would run Docker
with the following `-v` flag.

```
docker run -it -p 7687:7687 -p 7444:7444 -p 3000:3000  -v "C:/data":/usr/lib/memgraph/data memgraph/memgraph-platform
```

You can use bind mounts to transfer durability files such as snapshot or wal
files inside the container to restore data, or CSV files you will use to import
data with `CSV LOAD` clause. 

> 

Author: ```suggestion

Bind mounts do not handle data permissions which could cause issues with permissions. 
```
